Add Kafka Exporter support for "Recreate" deployment strategy (#7754)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/appendix_crds.adoc

|xref:type-ResourceTemplate-{context}[`ResourceTemplate`]
|====

[id='type-DeploymentTemplate-{context}']
### `DeploymentTemplate` schema reference

Used in: xref:type-KafkaBridgeTemplate-{context}[`KafkaBridgeTemplate`], xref:type-KafkaConnectTemplate-{context}[`KafkaConnectTemplate`], xref:type-KafkaExporterTemplate-{context}[`KafkaExporterTemplate`], xref:type-KafkaMirrorMakerTemplate-{context}[`KafkaMirrorMakerTemplate`]

xref:type-DeploymentTemplate-schema-{context}[Full list of `DeploymentTemplate` schema properties]

include::../api/io.strimzi.api.kafka.model.template.DeploymentTemplate.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id='type-DeploymentTemplate-schema-{context}']
==== `DeploymentTemplate` schema properties

[options="header"]
|====
|Property                   |Description
|metadata            1.2+<.<a|Metadata applied to the resource.
|xref:type-MetadataTemplate-{context}[`MetadataTemplate`]

> |deploymentStrategy  1.2+<.<a|DeploymentStrategy which will be used for this Deployment. Valid values are `RollingUpdate` and `Recreate`. Defaults to `RollingUpdate`.

Reviewer: For the @description

```suggestion
|deploymentStrategy  1.2+<.<a|Pod replacement strategy for deployment configuration changes. Valid values are `RollingUpdate` and `Recreate`. Defaults to `RollingUpdate`.
```
